among the sources of HIV infection
now also fruits in bananas
brought from outside the republic
there is a virus aids such information from
unknown sources reached
Kazakhstan citizens to phone numbers
consumer comes and the message itself with
caution that when
eating bananas can get infected
HIV infection marina garbuk decided
find out how believable this
information
bananas and have long entered the diet
consumers are in demand in the market
for the most part figure ct and grow up in africa
in turn
the infection, too, came from Africa bye
connection of famous fruits and hiv infections
only in this specialists sleep center
note that the number of infected HIV
infections remained at the same level as the past
year on May 1, 2014 registered
496 cases of the disease but ways
infections remain the same pick up
infection through eating fruit
just impossible basically
registered people are not working
that is, social status is basically
registered and non-performing
I want to pay attention to answer well
the question posed is that through a banana
transmitted HIV infection can not then
since hiv infection lives only in
in the human body that is in others
the body of HIV-infection with HIV die
Infection can be transmitted only hold
under the paths that is first of all
through the sexual way this is unprotected
sexual intercourse 2 is through injections then
there is through the blood transmitted from the mother
to a child in a rights protection agency
Consumers reported that today
day
complaints of substandard fruit not
there have been cases of fruit poisoning
not registered for several years in
present protection department
Consumer Rights pressed on bananas
received from the public and about
rumors that bananas are infected with HIV
infections can of course
confidence to say that through food
products
became infected with HIV is impossible if
consumers complain to us about
food product then check given
product in the trade network is only possible
during registration check in authorities
prosecutors consumer can not
worry of getting hiv infection
eating bananas is definitely impossible
another question is can fruit
become a source of other infections because
before we get to our table they
pass through hundreds of hands from assembling
harvest of wood to purchase
the buyer in the market and how much
this is hygienic
unknown Marina hump year rental
simbe alexander coffin reef ttk 42